Feature/update readme changelog (#155)
iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-sms: README.md

## Overview

The _iExec Secret Management Service_ (SMS) stores user secrets and provisions them to authorized Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) applications running on the iExec network.

> Two TEE frameworks for TEE tasks can be supported on the iExec platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two TEE frameworks for TEE tasks are supported on the iExec platform:
```

## Configuration

The _iExec Secret Management Service_ is available as an OCI image on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/iexechub/iexec-sms/tags).

A single _iExec Secret Management Service_ instance supports a single TEE framework.
To support both Scone and Gramine TEE tasks, two instances of _iExec SMS_ must be configured.

To run properly, the _iExec Secret Management Service_ requires:
* A blockchain node. iExec smart contracts must be deployed on the blockchain network.
* Valid OCI images configurations for pre-compute and post-compute stages of TEE tasks executions. Exposed images depend on the type of TEE framework supported.
* A Secret Provisioner instance, in charge of provisioning secrets to remote enclaves. Each TEE framework requires its own type of Secret Provisioner.
    * for Scone TEE tasks:
        * a Scontain _Configuration and Attestation Service_ (CAS).
        * a valid OCI image configuration of a Scontain _Local Attestation Service_ (LAS). This service will be deployed by an iExec Worker to compute TEE tasks.
    * for Gramine TEE tasks:

>         * an _iExec SPS_ instance.

Reviewer: For compliance with CAS, LAS, SMS, do we have the words behind the `SPS` acronym ?

Author: Better in full yes, here it is https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-sms/pull/155/commits/31db9d00a74c9bd5eb1a82d8bf4a19b54aceac11 :pray:

## Configuration

The _iExec Secret Management Service_ is available as an OCI image on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/iexechub/iexec-sms/tags).

> One _iExec Secret Management Service_ instance supports only one TEE framework kind of iExec TEE tasks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A single _iExec Secret Management Service_ instance supports a single TEE framework.
```
I find the "one TEE framework kind of iExec TEE tasks" confusing :thinking:

To support both Scone and Gramine TEE tasks, two instances of _iExec SMS_ must be configured.

To run properly, the _iExec Secret Management Service_ requires:
* A blockchain node. iExec smart contracts must be deployed on the blockchain network.
* Valid OCI images configurations for pre-compute and post-compute stages of TEE tasks executions. Exposed images depend on the type of TEE framework supported.
* A Secret Provisioner instance, in charge of provisioning secrets to remote enclaves. Each TEE framework requires its own type of Secret Provisioner.
    * for Scone TEE tasks:
        * a Scontain _Configuration and Attestation Service_ (CAS).

>         * a valid OCI image configuration of a Scontain Local Attestation Service (LAS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * a valid OCI image configuration of a Scontain _Local Attestation Service_ (LAS).
```

>   This service will be deployed by an iExec Worker to compute TEE tasks.

Reviewer: Align this with LAS bullet point ?

Author: Thank you https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-sms/pull/155/commits/5695d3a7f666769e16ad41be7c9e109e333f6d47 :pray:
